# Foster-week8-homework

Before starting the project, I do feel that I have a general understanding of the basics of ktor and client / server coding.
I honestly don't have any open questions going into this, but I can say that this will be a good chance to see what I do and don't understand as well as I think I do,
as well as reinforce that information with some hands-on practice.

Completing this tutorial helped reinforce the basics of ktor that I learned this week, as well as using requests and paths to handle client / server communication. I also learned about using templates to help deliver content with ktor, and handling form data as part of a POST request.

Regarding my independant development assignment, given the current scope of my plans, and the amount of time that I'll have available to work on it over the next couple of weeks. That said, if I were to take what is intended to be the finished state of my project and use what I learned here to add to it, there are a couple of things that I can think of as possibilities. The first, and much simpler, thing would be to uses a database to save a game that is in progress, so that the user can quit and continue where they left off later. The other, more complicated thing, that would also probably require learning some more about ktor and client / server communication first, would be to use client / server communication to add multiplayer. The code to manage the game would all be on the server, with pages showing the current state delivered to all of the clients that are connected. The thing I would have to learn more to do would be differentiating which player is sending any given response to the server, as well as serving a different page to one player at any given time (whichever player is currently making a decision about either bets or card exchanges).
